Edited introduction section of pow vs pos index.md (#10754)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/index.md

lang: en
---

> When Ethereum launched, proof-of-stake still needed a lot of research and development before it could be trusted to secure Ethereum. Proof-of-work was a simpler mechanism that had already been proven by Bitcoin, meaning core developers could implement it right away at the launch of Ethereum. It took a further eight years to develop proof-of-stake to the point where it could be implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Ethereum launched, proof-of-stake still needed a lot of research and development before it could be trusted to secure Ethereum. Proof-of-work was a simpler mechanism that had already been proven by Bitcoin, meaning core developers could implement it right away to get Ethereum launched. It took a further eight years to develop proof-of-stake to the point where it could be implemented.
```

I think this is a more appropriate change, but appreciate the callout!
